# Preview

For my soundscape, I'm following the thoughts and actions of a bored student in a class they really don't want to be in. I want it to start with students coming into class indicated by footsteps, chairs moving, and backpacks unzipping. The professor will start class and almost immediately the student will start to think things like "Is this class almost over yet?" There will be other sounds of the student texting, clicking a pen, daydreaming, and even falling asleep. I also want to add random thoughts that might pop into a student's head when they're not paying attention class, like pondering the meaning of life and wondering if they could sneak out really quickly to go buy some coffee. In my soundscape so far, I have some audio recordings of myself that are meant to be the thoughts of the student. I also have some ticking sounds of a clock, some writing sounds, and some pen clicking sounds. I wasn't really able to arrange them in the order I want them to be in since I still have a lot more to add, but I tried layering some things like writing sounds and a thought and I like how it sounds. I kind of just added the files to the soundscape and spent some time messing around with effects and trying to think about what else I want to add/how I want to arrange it, so that's why it doesn't really sound like anything at all except for a clock ticking and writing sounds with a few interjecting thoughts. I honestly don't like how it sounds right now because there's no story and I know that's not how I want my sounds to be arranged, but I don't think it will actually start to sound like anything until I have most of my sounds recorded and figure out how I want to layer them.

I think my next steps will be to plan out in my head how I want my soundscape to sound, and then make a physical layout of all the sounds I want to add and how I want to layer them. After that, I'll be able to see more clearly what other sounds I have to record and how I want to edit my clips.

My one concern about my project is that it will be a little boring. I want it to be comedic and relatable to any students listening to it, but I'm worried that it won't be interesting enough or tell enough of a story to really catch the listener's attention. At the very end, when the student finally gets to leave class, the professor will ask to speak to her to add some comedic irony, and I want to make some of the random thoughts really bizarre and funny, but I'm not sure what other kinds of risks I'd be able to take with this since, overall, my concept seems pretty safe.
